Pin and integral to reader (#655)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/frontend.md

activation of the card after a number of consecutive failed activation attempts. A maximum of 10
consecutive PIN retries **SHALL** be permitted unless a lower limit is imposed by the department or agency.

> The card management system **SHALL** guide the cardholder in selecting a strong PIN value. The PIN **SHALL** be a minimum of six digits in length and **SHOULD** not be easily guessable, individually identifiable (e.g., part of a Social Security Number or phone number), or commonly used (e.g., 000000, 123456).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The card management system **SHALL** guide the cardholder in selecting a strong PIN value. The PIN **SHALL** be a minimum of six digits in length and **SHOULD NOT** be easily guessable, individually identifiable (e.g., part of a Social Security Number or phone number), or commonly used (e.g., 000000, 123456).   
```

> The card management system **SHALL** guide the cardholder in selecting a strong PIN value. The PIN **SHALL** be a minimum of six digits in length and should not be easily guessable, otherwise individually identifiable in nature (e.g., part of a Social Security Number or phone number) or commonly-used (e.g., 000000, 123456).   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The card management system **SHALL** guide the cardholder in selecting a strong PIN value. The PIN **SHALL** be a minimum of six digits in length and **SHOULD** not be easily guessable, individually identifiable (e.g., part of a Social Security Number or phone number), or commonly used (e.g., 000000, 123456).   
```

### 4.4.4 Card Activation Device Requirements {#s-4-4-4}

When the PIV Card is used with a PIN or OCC data for physical access, the input device **SHALL** be

> integral to (e.g., built-in) the PIV Card reader. When the PIV Card is used with a PIN or OCC data for logical

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
integral to (i.e., built into) the PIV Card reader. When the PIV Card is used with a PIN or OCC data for logical
```
